# Sunday - May 4th, 2025 | Sprint 20
	- Good morning VietDurham! We just survived a torrential downfall of thunderstorm and rain last night and it feels good to be alive! Anyways, there's lots to do today! Need to create some content, make some picks with my bonus bet, and hell, maybe we'll even make a little money while we're at it good gosh gee willikers! Oh boy, what a wonderful Sunday to be alive. There's a whole lot we have in store for ya today, so don't go anywhere, alright? Or I may just have to show up on your front step with some Mormons if ya know what I mean!
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## DONE Setup Penpot
		- TODO Download code and review technical guide
		- TODO Write about design of Penpot
	- ## TODO Create Content
		- ## TODO Geaux Code Blog Post
		- ## TODO Dev.to Blog Post
		- ## TODO WeisMind Blog Post
	- ## TODO Learning DSA, System Design, etc.
	- ## TODO Make Parlay picks & make money
-
- # [[Resource, Readings, and Links]]
	- [Tailwind vs. Linaria Performance Article](https://www.developerway.com/posts/tailwind-vs-linaria-performance) #read-later
	-
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_dgoix,25,1746370862298}} Focus Session One
		- ## DONE Data Structures and Algos in JavaScript
		- ## DONE Setup Penpot and work on app ideas
	- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_ddyyy,25,1746383498142}} Focus Session Two
		- ## DONE DSA in JavaScript, AOSA, and System Design - Design of Data Intensive Applications
	- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_vfmny,90,1746385529259}} Focus Session Three
		- ## TODO Create Content for Geaux Code
		- ## TODO Content for Dev.to
		- ## TODO Medium/WeisMind Posts
	- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_gntsz,90,1746397704560}} Focus Session Four
		- ## TODO Continue Creating Content
-
- # Notes
	- ## [[Data Structures and Algorithms in JavaScript]]
		- [[2 Functional Programming in JavaScript]]
		-