# Thursday - May 8th, 2025 | Sprint 21
	- Today is going to be a great day with me getting a lot of shit done. I've taken way to long to get back on track and today is going to be the day where that happens. I'm sick of all this stupid bull shit where I can't even afford to get anything every single day and it is time for that to change with focused learning, lots of practice, and doing the things I need to do. No more Mr. Nice Guy. Getting that digital garden done. Going to find some things that pay me. Going to write. Going to do it all mah fuckers.
-
- # To Do Today {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- ## TODO Learning
		- ### DONE Computer Science
			- #### DONE DSA w/ JavaScript
			- #### DONE Computer Science Roadmap
			- #### DONE Write about DSA
		- ### DONE System Design
			- #### DONE Design of Data Intensive Applications
			- #### DONE System Design Primer Repo
			- #### DONE System Design Roadmap
			- #### DONE Write about System Design
		- ### DONE Systems Programming Concepts
		- ### DONE Software Design
			- #### DONE Software Design by Example
	- ## DONE Create Content
		- ### DONE Geaux Code Blog
			- #### DONE Write about System Design, Software Design, or about how to build some technology deep dive
		- ### DONE WeisMind & Medium
			- #### DONE A Pack of Beans
		- ### TODO Dev.to
			- #### TODO Write about DSA/Computer Science etc
	- ## TODO Practice
		- ### TODO Practice Problems - Leet Code, Codewars, etc.
		- ### TODO Learn to Program by Solving Problems
		- ### TODO Algorithmic Thinking
		- ### TODO Build-Your-Own-X
	- ## DONE Work on Digital Garden
-
- # Pomodoro Planner {{renderer :todomaster}}
	- # DONE {{renderer :pomodoro_vxgdx,60,1746680404580}} Focus Session One
		- ## DONE Plan out first part of the day
		- ## DONE Read DSA in JavaScript
	- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_rytdg,60,1746686008011}} Focus Session Two
		- ## DONE DSA in JavaScript
		- ## DONE Digital Garden
	- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_itkbd,60,1746734768372}} Focus Session Three
		- ## TODO Create Content
		- ## TODO Digital Garden
	- # TODO {{renderer :pomodoro_jlvfl,60}}  Focus Session Four
		- ## TODO Create Content
		- ## TODO Digital Garden
-
- # [[Resource, Readings, and Links]]
-
- # Notes
	- ## [[Software Design By Example - JavaScript]]
	- ## [[Software Design By Example - Python]]
	- ## [[The Secret Life of Programs]]
	-
- # Content
-
- # Ideas
	- ## [[Post about Secret Life of Programs]]
	-